K8s small doc bugs (#2875)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/kubernetes/deployment/container-images.md

{{< note >}}
**IMPORTANT**

> * Each version of the Redis Enterprise operator is mapped to a specific version of Redis Enterprise Software. The semantic versions always match (e.g 7.2.4), although the specific release numbers may be different (e.g. 7.2.4-7is the operator version for Redis Enterprise Software 7.2.4-64).

Reviewer: You also might consider changing "e.g." to something else. Maybe "for example" would work.
```suggestion
* Each version of the Redis Enterprise operator is mapped to a specific version of Redis Enterprise Software. The semantic versions always match (for example, 7.2.4), although the specific release numbers may be different (for example, 7.2.4-7 is the operator version for Redis Enterprise Software 7.2.4-64).
```
